Incubus drive I'm agin a ton of requests
for this tune really just kind of like
in a book a bombardment in the last like
week I don't know where I got a ton in a
row so I don't know if you guys are
conspiring out there but I'm gonna do it
so here are the chords that we need
so this chord we just call a minor it's
not a barre chord and it's got an open g
string in there which is part of an E
minor chord so really it's just kind of
a cool voicing for e minor then I always
called this minor 9 this shape I've seen
and you know some people are calling it
some kind of D chord but this is the the
voicing so we have our middle finger on
the 7th fret of the a string first
finger stretched back onto the fifth
fret ring finger on the 7th fret then
pinky on the 7th fret it sounds like
this ok now if this stretch is awkward
which I assume it will be especially if
you haven't been playing that long I
really use this chord a lot in like more
jazzy stuff but you could just play that
because the D string in there
doesn't sound so bad with the cord or
you can let your middle finger kind of
mute it and it's going to work really
that's the voicing so I'm going to call
this e minor 9
then this next chord third fret on the a
string ring finger on the fifth middle
on the fourth pinky on the fifth like
this that's called a C major seven chord
we need that one as well quick splice in
from the C major seven chord what we're
going to do is we're going to take our
middle finger and first finger off these
are staying and just get our middle
finger down right there and that's an a
minor chord basically and any of the
open strings are going to work in there
all right little little spice in really
the only other one we're going to need
is an a7 chord which looks like this
all right now let's uh let's play it
alright so we're going to take that Imai
record that I was playing and it sounds
like he's kind of going like this he
kind of picks the first two notes I got
let me go down down up we gotta get to
that chord pretty fast and it's just
gonna be a down down here see that time
when I shot for my middle finger right
there and then my ring finger pinkie
slapped it down then basically the
rhythm starts over that's the rhythm
let's see okay so here's what we got so
far then the same thing here
so basically something like this you
know
pick pick down down up down down pick
pick down down up down down just like
that real slow
and you know you could just even just do
the strumming pattern like down down
down-up sorry like that okay so the next
section is that C major seven chord
to a seven
check to see sometimes he's pulling off
his ring finger a bit on that B string
and it you can hear that in the vocal
he's he's singing that note so here it
is
you
right and then the course is the the
verse
just like that or at least you know what
I figured out by listening to it so
another one for ya hopefully that helped
you out and we'll see you the next
lesson later